>> Steve Kinney: So let's look at
the data structure that we use.
This will involve a lot of the kinda
more complicated things that we saw
on the prequel, and make it so
we can more easily modify it.
So what we're gonna do is, let's get
some of this kinda up and running, and
wired up.
We're going to start by implementing
the ability to get all of the lists,
and the ability to kind of
create a new one, right?
And then I'll give you a chance to then
implement the cards along the way, great.
So we look at the kind of
structure of our application,
I've made some new folders in here.
We've got actions, we've got card-actions,
list-actions, and user-actions.
We've got containers,
which we haven't made any of yet.
And we've got these reducers,
which is card-reducer, list-reducer,
and user-reducer, and
there's gonna be an index.js.
index.js is we're gonna put
our combined reducers, right,
which we'll actually set
up in Redux at this point.
So let's go ahead and
let's start with the list-reducer.
>> Steve Kinney: All right, and then here,
we're just going to do a very
simple version of this.
We'll import,
>> Steve Kinney: I believe
that's up a level.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool.
>> Steve Kinney: And our list-reducer,
>> Steve Kinney: We'll actually call it,
just to make it clear, we'll call it
the defaultLists that we bring in.
And we'll call it lists
inside the function,
>> Steve Kinney: Right, and
right now we'll just console.log,
>> Steve Kinney: The lists and
the action, and
then we'll make sure we turn that list.
In the previous example,
I called this state,
we're gonna call it lists at this point.
Cuz that way, we know what we're working
with, it's just a little bit more clearer.
But it's the same object,
it was state previously,
we know in the list-reducer
that we're dealing with lists.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, now we need to
combine it, and you might be like,
combine it with what?
We're gonna add cards and users, but
we're gonna combine it with just itself
right now, it'll be a combined set of one.
So in here we'll do import,
>> Steve Kinney: combineReducers
from 'redux'.
>> Steve Kinney: We'll
import that list-reducer,
>> Steve Kinney: I'm just gonna
call it lists.
>> Steve Kinney: And we'll then,
>> Steve Kinney: export
default combineReducers with the lists.
So this is gonna give us one store.
Immediately, it's gonna have
a key called lists, and
that's gonna be all of our lists, right?
And so when we eventually add users and
cards, and so
we'll have a tree where there's
a branch for lists, a branch for
cards, a branch for
users, we're good to go.
So we've got that combined reducer,
let's wire it up to a React application.
So we'll go up into our index.js,
>> Steve Kinney: All right,
right now,
it doesn't know anything about Redux, so
I'll import createStore,
>> Steve Kinney: From redux,
we'll import that provider.
We don't need to import connect, cuz
we're gonna do that in the containers, so
we're gonna make it separate files.
Provider from 'react-redux', right,
and we need to import our reducer.
I'm gonna call it the rootReducer cuz
it's the combined list, cards, and users.
>> Steve Kinney: Right, so
we've got the ability to create a store,
the ability to pass it to React,
we pulled in our reducer.
That's about everything
we need at this point.
We'll do, as I'll say, const store,
>> Steve Kinney: Is
based on this rootReducer, right, so now
we don't really have to touch this again.
As we add the cards and the users reducer,
it's all gonna be combined for us.
And finally, it's angry about this,
pull that up.
>> Steve Kinney: Cool, and so
we'll say Provider,
>> Steve Kinney: Put
that around the application.
>> Steve Kinney: store is our
store that we just made, great.